Meeting Planning
What is your team's preferred communication method - email, text, bcourse messaging?
  E-mail or Whatsapp message 
When will your team be holding meetings? How frequently will you meet? Are there times or days that work well for everyone?
  Once a week, open to increase/decrease frequency depending on assignments demands. The team prefers weekdays as we have other priorities on the weekend. 
Discuss future non-academic commitments that might affect members' availability.
  Juliana: I work every weekend and usually don’t engage in academic meetings unless necessary. No other personal commitments coming up that could change availability. 
  Daniel: No personal commitments. Would prefer weekdays afternoon/evening.
  Jason: I work Monday-Friday: 9am-5pm. Work is pretty understanding about school and I will be available to meet most times unless there are mandatory meetings. Other than that, I do not have any personal commitments at this time.
Discuss meeting tempo: “checking in” at the beginning of meetings versus “just sticking to business”.
  Juliana: I feel that straightforward meetings are valuable regarding our busy schedule but a quick check in the beginning is also appreciated!
  Jason: Agreed with Juliana
  Daniel: Agreed with Juliana
Roles
How is your team going to keep track of progress? Who will be taking minutes, creating agendas, and contacting the course facilitators with questions?
  Jason: Creating Agenda
  Juliana: Taking minutes
  Daniel: Contact the course facilitators with questions
We encourage you to discuss potential dates and times to meet with a course facilitator during Weeks 3-5. Decide on the best date and time for all.
  Juliana: Thursday or Friday afternoon (any time)
  Jason: I am available Thursday or Friday after 2pm (most of the time)
  Daniel: Most weekdays after 3pm
Conflict Management
If a conflict arises, plan to solve the issue as soon as possible. This is best done using synchronous (Zoom, Google Hangouts) communication rather than asynchronous (email).
If the group is unable to resolve the conflict, seek advice from the instructional team. 
